# How Are Markets Created?

> Markets are created by the markets team with input from users and the community.

## Can I create my own market?

While users cannot directly create their own markets, they are encouraged to suggest ideas for new markets. In choosing which markets to list, Polymarket considers the following factors:

<Steps>
  <Steps.Step>
    Is there enough demand for trading in the market to produce an accurate probability? Polymarket targets \$X in trading volume as a minimum.
  </Steps.Step>

  <Steps.Step>
    Is there social good or news value in understanding the probability generated by the market?
  </Steps.Step>

  <Steps.Step>
    Can the market be resolved clearly?
  </Steps.Step>

  <Steps.Step>
    Is there a credible information source for market resolution?

    *For example, a country’s elections commission can be specified as the official resolution source for an election.*
  </Steps.Step>

  <Steps.Step>
    Can the market be resolved in a definitive time frame?
  </Steps.Step>
</Steps>

### Submit your market proposal

To give your proposal the best chance of being listed, include as much information as possible, such as:

* What is the market title?
* What is the [resolution source](../markets/how-are-markets-resolved)?
* Evidence of demand for trading that market

The best ways to propose a new market are:

* On [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/polymarket) in the **#market-suggestion** channel
* On Twitter / X by tagging [@polymarket](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=I+have+an+idea+for+a+new+market+@polymarket)


---

> To find navigation and other pages in this documentation, fetch the llms.txt file at: https://docs.polymarket.com/llms.txt